what is up guys it is your boy Darren
and I reached around 100 on mob of the
dead today which is pretty freaking epic
I buddies like this is like the first or
second video on youtube as of right now
on on around 100 on my with the dead
solo so currently this game took me
probably about 20 hours to complete and
currently I'm still playing so if you
guys want to catch me on my my world
record run not sure what the world
record run is right now but I'm live
streaming on my twitch TV stream so if
you guys want to check that out you guys
come by and say what's up I also like to
give a huge thanks to all my viewers who
supported me in this so shout out to you
guys and yeah I just want to go on a
little bit about these about the
strategy so for the strategy you want to
get the mp5 for mobility wise because
you can run super fast with this
and you need mobility in this room in
the astral so what you want to do is
like want to gather up the whole train
and then take them out towards the mp5
and then to come back up and then just
hit the trap and I currently right now
the trap is still on so I'm hoarding
them up and I just had to shoot a shot
of the Wonder weapon I try like I forgot
the name of it but but yeah this gun is
pretty good I mean it's not the best gun
such as like the Thunder going or
something but it gets you out of sticky
situations like I had so many situations
I had occurred like in my run so many
times like the combination of electric
chair e+ wonder weapon is like pretty
brutal so same as a couple times but I
know it is like I didn't put the kills I
forgot to press it like when I got to
100 so I like currently I think I have
it like about like 2,600 kills or
something so after that like after I use
my ray gun I got around 50 that ever so
they were like so hard to like kill so I
have to use traps and some of you may
know or may not know but like traps
don't count they don't count towards
your kills so yeah I did this one
hundred percent legit so if you guys
just want to see my touch TVs for
anything screw for the gymnast you guys
can go check that out but yeah guys um
I'm not gonna I didn't die on this run
I'm still playing so what's just kind of
like an update not like my ending game
right here but well yeah guys I really
appreciate it if you guys would be like
subscribe to my channel and leave a
comment if you you want to yeah this is
your boy durban and i'm signing out CICS
it
where do we go are we all blind I fear
how do we know how do we know where do
where do
how do we know
words
Oh
you